
Hello, and welcome to a demo video for Video Games for Assessment. My name is
Josh, and I will be showing off the main features completed in the initial
development sprint. 

Here are the goals that we aimed to accomplish with this sprint.
First off, we want the player to be able to enter a name for a more immersive
experience.

An instructions screen will be displayed to the player so they will know how 
to play the game itself.

A start button, along with other interface elements will allow for intuitive
navigation of our game's menus.

The player can use their keyboard arrow keys to move their avatar about the game
world.

The game will be setup to allow for easy setup by test proctors per their 
desired settings.


Demographic Screen:

Initially, the demographic screen is presented. This will allow the test
conductor to take in personal data from the participant before the game begins.
The options shown here are temporary and can be adjusted as desired.



Game Start Screen:

Our work in progress title for the game is Phase. Once the test begins, the 
participant will be shown this start screen.


Character Select Screen:

The participant will then be given the option to enter their name, allowing for
personal customization.


Instruction Screen:

Next, the participant will be presented with a brief description of the game's
controls, so they will know how to interact with the game.



Game:

The game has now begun. Using the arrow keys, the player can move around the
environment and interact with other non-player characters, called NPCs
 and objects.

We have created a basic inventory system to keep track of objects picked up
by the player. Currently this is displayed along the bottom of the screen. 

By interacting with NPCs, dialogue can be displayed to progress the game's story
as well as ask questions from the Hexaco test.


Here, we see a Hexaco question being asked to the player by an NPC. 
Once the player selects an option, that choice is recorded to a text file
for later review.

The rest of the demo is a visual display of the art assets and levels completed
so far. The next sprint will include content to fill out the game itself, 
including more interactable objects and characters.

Next on our 
